sbt-antlr-plugin
===

## Getting the plugin
First add a custom resolver to your `project/plugins.sbt` file.
```scala
resolvers += 
  Resolver.url(
    "bintray-plugins", 
    url("https://dl.bintray.com/resisttheurge/sbt-plugins/")
  )(Resolver.ivyStylePatterns)
```

Then declare a dependency on the plugin in your `project/plugins.sbt` file.
```scala
addSbtPlugin("io.zastoupil" % "sbt-antlr-plugin" % "0.2.0")
```

Then enable the plugin in your `built.sbt` file
```scala
enablePlugins(AntlrPlugin)
```

## Usage
Once the plugin has been added to your project, you can run the `antlr` task from the command line.
Navigate to your project's root directory and enter the following lines:
```
> sbt antlr
```

Currently, there is no output to signify success or failure outside of antlr's own reporting mechanisms.
This will change in future releases.

## SBT compilation integration
Integration with sbt compilation is optional. If you want to have the sources generated by the `antlr` 
task be available during sbt compilation, you have to declare the `antlr` task as a dependency of the
sbt `compile` task in your `build.sbt` file.
```scala
compile in Compile <<= (compile in Compile).dependsOn(antlr)
```

Additionally, you have to declare the antlr output directory as a managed source directory for its contents 
to be available to the sbt `compile` task in your `build.sbt` file.
```scala
managedSourceDirectories in Compile += antlrBaseOutputDirectory.value
```

## IDE Integration
When using an IDE that is capable of reading sbt projects, it is also recommended that you declare the antlr 
source directory as an unmanaged source directory in your `build.sbt` file.
```scala
unmanagedSourceDirectories in Compile += antlrSourceDirectory.value
```

While this does not impact the execution of the plugin, it does allow your IDE of choice to recognize the antlr 
source directory as a source directory.